docs/events.md, before:

`box events`
============

Get events

* [`box events`](#box-events)
* [`box events:poll`](#box-eventspoll)

## `box events`

Get events

```
USAGE
  $ box events

OPTIONS
  -e, --enterprise                       Get enterprise events
  -h, --help                             Show CLI help
  -q, --quiet                            Suppress any non-error output to stderr
  -s, --save                             Save report to default reports folder on disk
  -t, --token=token                      Provide a token to perform this call
  -v, --verbose                          Show verbose output, which can be helpful for debugging
  -y, --yes                              Automatically respond yes to all confirmation prompts
  --as-user=as-user                      Provide an ID for a user
  --bulk-file-path=bulk-file-path        File path to bulk .csv or .json objects

  --created-after=created-after          Return enterprise events that occurred after a time. Use a timestamp or
                                         shorthand syntax 0t, like 5w for 5 weeks. If not used, defaults to 5 days
                                         before the end date

  --created-before=created-before        Return enterprise events that occurred before a time. Use a timestamp or
                                         shorthand syntax 0t, like 5w for 5 weeks. If not used, defaults to now

  --csv                                  Output formatted CSV

  --event-types=event-types              Return enterprise events filtered by event types. Format using a comma
                                         delimited list: NEW_USER,DELETE_USER,EDIT_USER

  --fields=fields                        Comma separated list of fields to show

  --json                                 Output formatted JSON

  --limit=limit                          The maximum number of items to return

  --no-color                             Turn off colors for logging

  --save-to-file-path=save-to-file-path  Override default file path to save report

  --stream-position=stream-position      The location in the event stream from which you want to start receiving events

ALIASES
  $ box events:get

EXAMPLES
  box events
  box events --enterprise --created-after 2019-01-01
```

_See code: [src/commands/events/index.js](https://github.com/box/boxcli/blob/v3.1.0/src/commands/events/index.js)_

## `box events:poll`

Poll the event stream

```
USAGE
  $ box events:poll

OPTIONS
  -e, --enterprise                       Get enterprise events
  -h, --help                             Show CLI help
  -q, --quiet                            Suppress any non-error output to stderr
  -s, --save                             Save report to default reports folder on disk
  -t, --token=token                      Provide a token to perform this call
  -v, --verbose                          Show verbose output, which can be helpful for debugging
  -y, --yes                              Automatically respond yes to all confirmation prompts
  --as-user=as-user                      Provide an ID for a user
  --bulk-file-path=bulk-file-path        File path to bulk .csv or .json objects
  --csv                                  Output formatted CSV

  --end-date=end-date                    Return enterprise events that occured before this time. Use a timestamp or
                                         shorthand syntax 00t, like 05w for 5 weeks.

  --event-types=event-types              Return enterprise events filtered by event types. Format using a comma
                                         delimited list: NEW_USER,DELETE_USER,EDIT_USER

  --fields=fields                        Comma separated list of fields to show

  --json                                 Output formatted JSON

  --no-color                             Turn off colors for logging

  --polling-interval=polling-interval    Number of seconds to wait before polling for new events. Default is 60 seconds.

  --save-to-file-path=save-to-file-path  Override default file path to save report

  --start-date=start-date                Return enterprise events that occured after this time. Use a timestamp or
                                         shorthand syntax 00t, like 05w for 5 weeks. If not used, defaults to now
```

_See code: [src/commands/events/poll.js](https://github.com/box/boxcli/blob/v3.1.0/src/commands/events/poll.js)_

Commit message:

docs: added documentation for using `admin_logs_streaming`

docs/events.md, after:

`box events`
============

Get events

* [`box events`](#box-events)
* [`box events:poll`](#box-eventspoll)

## `box events`

Get events

```
USAGE
  $ box events

OPTIONS
  -e, --enterprise                       Get enterprise events
  -h, --help                             Show CLI help
  -q, --quiet                            Suppress any non-error output to stderr
  -s, --save                             Save report to default reports folder on disk
  -t, --token=token                      Provide a token to perform this call
  -v, --verbose                          Show verbose output, which can be helpful for debugging
  -y, --yes                              Automatically respond yes to all confirmation prompts
  --as-user=as-user                      Provide an ID for a user
  --bulk-file-path=bulk-file-path        File path to bulk .csv or .json objects

  --created-after=created-after          Return enterprise events that occurred after a time. Use a timestamp or
                                         shorthand syntax 0t, like 5w for 5 weeks. If not used, defaults to 5 days
                                         before the end date

  --created-before=created-before        Return enterprise events that occurred before a time. Use a timestamp or
                                         shorthand syntax 0t, like 5w for 5 weeks. If not used, defaults to now

  --csv                                  Output formatted CSV

  --event-types=event-types              Return enterprise events filtered by event types. Format using a comma
                                         delimited list: NEW_USER,DELETE_USER,EDIT_USER

  --fields=fields                        Comma separated list of fields to show

  --json                                 Output formatted JSON

  --limit=limit                          The maximum number of items to return

  --no-color                             Turn off colors for logging

  --save-to-file-path=save-to-file-path  Override default file path to save report

  --stream-position=stream-position      The location in the event stream from which you want to start receiving events
  
  --stream-type                          Stream type admin_logs or admin_logs_streaming. 
                                         Unless specified `admin_logs` stream type is used.
                                         
                                         The emphasis for `admin_logs` stream is on completeness over latency, 
                                         which means that Box will deliver admin events in chronological order 
                                         and without duplicates,but with higher latency. You can specify 
                                         start and end time/dates.
    
                                         The emphasis for `admin_logs_streaming` feed is on low latency rather than 
                                         chronological accuracy, which means that Box may returnevents more than once 
                                         and out of chronological order. Events are returned via the API around 
                                         12 seconds after theyare processed by Box (the 12 seconds buffer ensures 
                                         that new events are not written after your cursor position). Only two weeks 
                                         of events are available via this feed, and you cannot set start and end time/dates.


ALIASES
  $ box events:get

EXAMPLES
  box events
  box events --enterprise --created-after 2019-01-01
```

_See code: [src/commands/events/index.js](https://github.com/box/boxcli/blob/v3.1.0/src/commands/events/index.js)_

## `box events:poll`

Poll the event stream

```
USAGE
  $ box events:poll

OPTIONS
  -e, --enterprise                       Get enterprise events
  -h, --help                             Show CLI help
  -q, --quiet                            Suppress any non-error output to stderr
  -s, --save                             Save report to default reports folder on disk
  -t, --token=token                      Provide a token to perform this call
  -v, --verbose                          Show verbose output, which can be helpful for debugging
  -y, --yes                              Automatically respond yes to all confirmation prompts
  --as-user=as-user                      Provide an ID for a user
  --bulk-file-path=bulk-file-path        File path to bulk .csv or .json objects
  --csv                                  Output formatted CSV

  --end-date=end-date                    Return enterprise events that occured before this time. Use a timestamp or
                                         shorthand syntax 00t, like 05w for 5 weeks.

  --event-types=event-types              Return enterprise events filtered by event types. Format using a comma
                                         delimited list: NEW_USER,DELETE_USER,EDIT_USER

  --fields=fields                        Comma separated list of fields to show

  --json                                 Output formatted JSON

  --no-color                             Turn off colors for logging

  --polling-interval=polling-interval    Number of seconds to wait before polling for new events. Default is 60 seconds.

  --save-to-file-path=save-to-file-path  Override default file path to save report

  --start-date=start-date                Return enterprise events that occured after this time. Use a timestamp or
                                         shorthand syntax 00t, like 05w for 5 weeks. If not used, defaults to now
```

_See code: [src/commands/events/poll.js](https://github.com/box/boxcli/blob/v3.1.0/src/commands/events/poll.js)_
