docs/sign-requests.md, before:

`box sign-requests`
===================

List sign requests

* [`box sign-requests`](#box-sign-requests)
* [`box sign-requests:cancel ID`](#box-sign-requestscancel-id)
* [`box sign-requests:create`](#box-sign-requestscreate)
* [`box sign-requests:get ID`](#box-sign-requestsget-id)
* [`box sign-requests:resend ID`](#box-sign-requestsresend-id)

## `box sign-requests`

List sign requests

```
USAGE
  $ box sign-requests

OPTIONS
  -h, --help                             Show CLI help
  -q, --quiet                            Suppress any non-error output to stderr
  -s, --save                             Save report to default reports folder on disk
  -t, --token=token                      Provide a token to perform this call
  -v, --verbose                          Show verbose output, which can be helpful for debugging
  -y, --yes                              Automatically respond yes to all confirmation prompts
  --as-user=as-user                      Provide an ID for a user
  --bulk-file-path=bulk-file-path        File path to bulk .csv or .json objects
  --csv                                  Output formatted CSV
  --fields=fields                        Comma separated list of fields to show
  --json                                 Output formatted JSON
  --limit=limit                          The maximum number of items to return per page.

  --marker=marker                        Defines the position marker at which to begin returning results. This is used
                                         when paginating using marker-based pagination. This requires `usemarker` to be
                                         set to `true`.

  --no-color                             Turn off colors for logging

  --save-to-file-path=save-to-file-path  Override default file path to save report

EXAMPLE
  box sign-requests
```

_See code: [src/commands/sign-requests/index.js](https://github.com/box/boxcli/blob/v3.3.2/src/commands/sign-requests/index.js)_

## `box sign-requests:cancel ID`

Cancel sign request

```
USAGE
  $ box sign-requests:cancel ID

ARGUMENTS
  ID  The ID of the sign request

OPTIONS
  -h, --help                             Show CLI help
  -q, --quiet                            Suppress any non-error output to stderr
  -s, --save                             Save report to default reports folder on disk
  -t, --token=token                      Provide a token to perform this call
  -v, --verbose                          Show verbose output, which can be helpful for debugging
  -y, --yes                              Automatically respond yes to all confirmation prompts
  --as-user=as-user                      Provide an ID for a user
  --bulk-file-path=bulk-file-path        File path to bulk .csv or .json objects
  --csv                                  Output formatted CSV
  --fields=fields                        Comma separated list of fields to show
  --json                                 Output formatted JSON
  --no-color                             Turn off colors for logging
  --save-to-file-path=save-to-file-path  Override default file path to save report

EXAMPLE
  box sign-requests:cancel 12345
```

_See code: [src/commands/sign-requests/cancel.js](https://github.com/box/boxcli/blob/v3.3.2/src/commands/sign-requests/cancel.js)_

## `box sign-requests:create`

Create sign request

```
USAGE
  $ box sign-requests:create

OPTIONS
  -h, --help
      Show CLI help

  -q, --quiet
      Suppress any non-error output to stderr

  -s, --save
      Save report to default reports folder on disk

  -t, --token=token
      Provide a token to perform this call

  -v, --verbose
      Show verbose output, which can be helpful for debugging

  -y, --yes
      Automatically respond yes to all confirmation prompts

  --as-user=as-user
      Provide an ID for a user

  --bulk-file-path=bulk-file-path
      File path to bulk .csv or .json objects

  --csv
      Output formatted CSV

  --days-valid=days-valid
      Number of days after which this request will automatically expire if not completed

  --[no-]document-preparation-needed
      Indicates if the sender should receive a `prepare_url` in the response to complete document preparation via UI.

  --email-message=email-message
      Message to include in sign request email. The field is cleaned through sanitization of specific characters. However, 
      some html tags are allowed. Links included in the message are also converted to hyperlinks in the email. The message 
      may contain the following html tags including `a`, `abbr`, `acronym`, `b`, `blockquote`, `code`, `em`, `i`, `ul`, 
      `li`, `ol`, and `strong`. Be aware that when the text to html ratio is too high, the email may end up in spam 
      filters. Custom styles on these tags are not allowed. If this field is not passed, a default message will be used.

  --email-subject=email-subject
      Subject of sign request email. This is cleaned by sign request. If this field is not passed, a default subject will 
      be used.

  --external-id=external-id
      This can be used to reference an ID in an external system that the sign request is related to.

  --fields=fields
      Comma separated list of fields to show

  --json
      Output formatted JSON

  --no-color
      Turn off colors for logging

  --parent-folder=parent-folder
      (required) The destination folder to place final, signed document and signing log

  --prefill-tag=prefill-tag
      Prefills a sign related tag in the content. Pass in a comma-separated dictionary of fields: id,text,checkbox,date. 
      Can be added multiple times.

  --[no-]reminders-enabled
      Reminds signers to sign a document on day 3, 8, 13 and 18. Reminders are only sent to outstanding signers.

  --save-to-file-path=save-to-file-path
      Override default file path to save report

  --signer=signer
      (required) A signer for the sign request. 35 is the max number of signers permitted. Can be added multiple times. 
      Allowed properties: email,role,is_in_person,order,embed_url_external_user_id

  --source-files=source-files
      (required) Comma separated list of files to create a signing document from. This is currently limited to one file, 
      e.g. 12345

  --[no-]text-signatures-enabled
      Disables the usage of signatures generated by typing (text)

EXAMPLE
  box sign-requests:create --signer email=alice@example.com --source-files 12345 --parent-folder 23456  --prefill-tag 
  id=1,value=Test
```

_See code: [src/commands/sign-requests/create.js](https://github.com/box/boxcli/blob/v3.3.2/src/commands/sign-requests/create.js)_

## `box sign-requests:get ID`

Get sign request by ID

```
USAGE
  $ box sign-requests:get ID

ARGUMENTS
  ID  The ID of the sign request

OPTIONS
  -h, --help                             Show CLI help
  -q, --quiet                            Suppress any non-error output to stderr
  -s, --save                             Save report to default reports folder on disk
  -t, --token=token                      Provide a token to perform this call
  -v, --verbose                          Show verbose output, which can be helpful for debugging
  -y, --yes                              Automatically respond yes to all confirmation prompts
  --as-user=as-user                      Provide an ID for a user
  --bulk-file-path=bulk-file-path        File path to bulk .csv or .json objects
  --csv                                  Output formatted CSV
  --fields=fields                        Comma separated list of fields to show
  --json                                 Output formatted JSON
  --no-color                             Turn off colors for logging
  --save-to-file-path=save-to-file-path  Override default file path to save report

EXAMPLE
  box sign-requests:get 12345
```

_See code: [src/commands/sign-requests/get.js](https://github.com/box/boxcli/blob/v3.3.2/src/commands/sign-requests/get.js)_

## `box sign-requests:resend ID`

Resend sign request

```
USAGE
  $ box sign-requests:resend ID

ARGUMENTS
  ID  The ID of the sign request

OPTIONS
  -h, --help                             Show CLI help
  -q, --quiet                            Suppress any non-error output to stderr
  -s, --save                             Save report to default reports folder on disk
  -t, --token=token                      Provide a token to perform this call
  -v, --verbose                          Show verbose output, which can be helpful for debugging
  -y, --yes                              Automatically respond yes to all confirmation prompts
  --as-user=as-user                      Provide an ID for a user
  --bulk-file-path=bulk-file-path        File path to bulk .csv or .json objects
  --csv                                  Output formatted CSV
  --fields=fields                        Comma separated list of fields to show
  --json                                 Output formatted JSON
  --no-color                             Turn off colors for logging
  --save-to-file-path=save-to-file-path  Override default file path to save report

EXAMPLE
  box sign-requests:resend 12345
```

_See code: [src/commands/sign-requests/resend.js](https://github.com/box/boxcli/blob/v3.3.2/src/commands/sign-requests/resend.js)_

Commit message:

docs: Update docs after release 3.4.0 (#412)

docs/sign-requests.md, after:

`box sign-requests`
===================

List sign requests

* [`box sign-requests`](#box-sign-requests)
* [`box sign-requests:cancel ID`](#box-sign-requestscancel-id)
* [`box sign-requests:create`](#box-sign-requestscreate)
* [`box sign-requests:get ID`](#box-sign-requestsget-id)
* [`box sign-requests:resend ID`](#box-sign-requestsresend-id)

## `box sign-requests`

List sign requests

```
USAGE
  $ box sign-requests

OPTIONS
  -h, --help                             Show CLI help
  -q, --quiet                            Suppress any non-error output to stderr
  -s, --save                             Save report to default reports folder on disk
  -t, --token=token                      Provide a token to perform this call
  -v, --verbose                          Show verbose output, which can be helpful for debugging
  -y, --yes                              Automatically respond yes to all confirmation prompts
  --as-user=as-user                      Provide an ID for a user
  --bulk-file-path=bulk-file-path        File path to bulk .csv or .json objects
  --csv                                  Output formatted CSV
  --fields=fields                        Comma separated list of fields to show
  --json                                 Output formatted JSON
  --limit=limit                          The maximum number of items to return per page.

  --marker=marker                        Defines the position marker at which to begin returning results. This is used
                                         when paginating using marker-based pagination. This requires `usemarker` to be
                                         set to `true`.

  --no-color                             Turn off colors for logging

  --save-to-file-path=save-to-file-path  Override default file path to save report

EXAMPLE
  box sign-requests
```

_See code: [src/commands/sign-requests/index.js](https://github.com/box/boxcli/blob/v3.4.0/src/commands/sign-requests/index.js)_

## `box sign-requests:cancel ID`

Cancel sign request

```
USAGE
  $ box sign-requests:cancel ID

ARGUMENTS
  ID  The ID of the sign request

OPTIONS
  -h, --help                             Show CLI help
  -q, --quiet                            Suppress any non-error output to stderr
  -s, --save                             Save report to default reports folder on disk
  -t, --token=token                      Provide a token to perform this call
  -v, --verbose                          Show verbose output, which can be helpful for debugging
  -y, --yes                              Automatically respond yes to all confirmation prompts
  --as-user=as-user                      Provide an ID for a user
  --bulk-file-path=bulk-file-path        File path to bulk .csv or .json objects
  --csv                                  Output formatted CSV
  --fields=fields                        Comma separated list of fields to show
  --json                                 Output formatted JSON
  --no-color                             Turn off colors for logging
  --save-to-file-path=save-to-file-path  Override default file path to save report

EXAMPLE
  box sign-requests:cancel 12345
```

_See code: [src/commands/sign-requests/cancel.js](https://github.com/box/boxcli/blob/v3.4.0/src/commands/sign-requests/cancel.js)_

## `box sign-requests:create`

Create sign request

```
USAGE
  $ box sign-requests:create

OPTIONS
  -h, --help
      Show CLI help

  -q, --quiet
      Suppress any non-error output to stderr

  -s, --save
      Save report to default reports folder on disk

  -t, --token=token
      Provide a token to perform this call

  -v, --verbose
      Show verbose output, which can be helpful for debugging

  -y, --yes
      Automatically respond yes to all confirmation prompts

  --as-user=as-user
      Provide an ID for a user

  --bulk-file-path=bulk-file-path
      File path to bulk .csv or .json objects

  --csv
      Output formatted CSV

  --days-valid=days-valid
      Number of days after which this request will automatically expire if not completed

  --declined-redirect-url=declined-redirect-url
      The URL that a signer will be redirected to after declining to sign a document. Defining this URL overrides the 
      default redirect URL for all signers.

  --[no-]document-preparation-needed
      Indicates if the sender should receive a `prepare_url` in the response to complete document preparation via UI.

  --email-message=email-message
      Message to include in sign request email. The field is cleaned through sanitization of specific characters. However, 
      some html tags are allowed. Links included in the message are also converted to hyperlinks in the email. The message 
      may contain the following html tags including `a`, `abbr`, `acronym`, `b`, `blockquote`, `code`, `em`, `i`, `ul`, 
      `li`, `ol`, and `strong`. Be aware that when the text to html ratio is too high, the email may end up in spam 
      filters. Custom styles on these tags are not allowed. If this field is not passed, a default message will be used.

  --email-subject=email-subject
      Subject of sign request email. This is cleaned by sign request. If this field is not passed, a default subject will 
      be used.

  --external-id=external-id
      This can be used to reference an ID in an external system that the sign request is related to.

  --fields=fields
      Comma separated list of fields to show

  --json
      Output formatted JSON

  --no-color
      Turn off colors for logging

  --parent-folder=parent-folder
      (required) The destination folder to place final, signed document and signing log

  --prefill-tag=prefill-tag
      Prefills a sign related tag in the content. Pass in a comma-separated dictionary of fields: id,text,checkbox,date. 
      Can be added multiple times.

  --redirect-url=redirect-url
      The URL that a signer will be redirected to after signing a document. Defining this URL overrides the default 
      redirect URL for all signers. If no declined redirect URL is specified, this URL will be used for decline actions as 
      well.

  --[no-]reminders-enabled
      Reminds signers to sign a document on day 3, 8, 13 and 18. Reminders are only sent to outstanding signers.

  --save-to-file-path=save-to-file-path
      Override default file path to save report

  --signer=signer
      (required) A signer for the sign request. 35 is the max number of signers permitted. Can be added multiple times. 
      Allowed (recommended) properties: 
      email,role,is-in-person,order,embed-url-external-user-id,redirect-url,declined-redirect-url but snake case is also 
      supported for: is_in_person,order,embed_url_external_user_id,redirect_url,declined_redirect_url

  --source-files=source-files
      (required) Comma separated list of files to create a signing document from. This is currently limited to one file, 
      e.g. 12345

  --[no-]text-signatures-enabled
      Disables the usage of signatures generated by typing (text)

EXAMPLE
  box sign-requests:create --signer email=alice@example.com --source-files 12345 --parent-folder 23456  --prefill-tag 
  id=1,value=Test
```

_See code: [src/commands/sign-requests/create.js](https://github.com/box/boxcli/blob/v3.4.0/src/commands/sign-requests/create.js)_

## `box sign-requests:get ID`

Get sign request by ID

```
USAGE
  $ box sign-requests:get ID

ARGUMENTS
  ID  The ID of the sign request

OPTIONS
  -h, --help                             Show CLI help
  -q, --quiet                            Suppress any non-error output to stderr
  -s, --save                             Save report to default reports folder on disk
  -t, --token=token                      Provide a token to perform this call
  -v, --verbose                          Show verbose output, which can be helpful for debugging
  -y, --yes                              Automatically respond yes to all confirmation prompts
  --as-user=as-user                      Provide an ID for a user
  --bulk-file-path=bulk-file-path        File path to bulk .csv or .json objects
  --csv                                  Output formatted CSV
  --fields=fields                        Comma separated list of fields to show
  --json                                 Output formatted JSON
  --no-color                             Turn off colors for logging
  --save-to-file-path=save-to-file-path  Override default file path to save report

EXAMPLE
  box sign-requests:get 12345
```

_See code: [src/commands/sign-requests/get.js](https://github.com/box/boxcli/blob/v3.4.0/src/commands/sign-requests/get.js)_

## `box sign-requests:resend ID`

Resend sign request

```
USAGE
  $ box sign-requests:resend ID

ARGUMENTS
  ID  The ID of the sign request

OPTIONS
  -h, --help                             Show CLI help
  -q, --quiet                            Suppress any non-error output to stderr
  -s, --save                             Save report to default reports folder on disk
  -t, --token=token                      Provide a token to perform this call
  -v, --verbose                          Show verbose output, which can be helpful for debugging
  -y, --yes                              Automatically respond yes to all confirmation prompts
  --as-user=as-user                      Provide an ID for a user
  --bulk-file-path=bulk-file-path        File path to bulk .csv or .json objects
  --csv                                  Output formatted CSV
  --fields=fields                        Comma separated list of fields to show
  --json                                 Output formatted JSON
  --no-color                             Turn off colors for logging
  --save-to-file-path=save-to-file-path  Override default file path to save report

EXAMPLE
  box sign-requests:resend 12345
```

_See code: [src/commands/sign-requests/resend.js](https://github.com/box/boxcli/blob/v3.4.0/src/commands/sign-requests/resend.js)_
